# ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Bitcoin ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Btc=====================================https://www.bitcoinbtc.org## What is Bitcoin Btc (BTC)?Bitcoin Btc is a borderless non-profit peer-to-peer organization. Our vision is to leverage a decentralized platform to solve the many problems created by existing centralized system. Bitcoin Btc as a blockchain based network will enable tracking of each ledger transaction in a transparent and clear fashion. The token holders of Bitcoin Btc can pinpoint whoever they are trying to help via our peer-to-peer blockchain accurately.Bitcoin Btc is a completely self monitored decentralized community. The community will decide on the quantity and receivers of its tokens. The tokens mined each day will be used for charitable purposes, out of which, 17 million will be airdropped to the current holders of Bitcoins (close to the outstanding amount of BTC).  In the remaining 4 million tokens, 400 thousand tokens will be used as POS mining rewards, the other 3.6 million tokens will be used to airdrop for charity. The process will be via users sharing their wallet address to our social network, and the community will vote to decide on the ratio and amount of airdrops. Bitcoin Btc will become the first charity platform built on a blockchain. Our goal is to fill the world with love and make the world a better place!An ultimate Bitcoin fork solution. There is no additional issuance or pre-digging. All Btc coins distribute 1: 1 to all BTC users and BTC community users. BTC preserves and implements Bitcoin’s advantages such as SegWit. It also has remarkable characteristics:- a fork of Bitcoin after block height 501225.- Per-block difficulty adjustment algorithm.- Replay protection (SIGHASH_FORK_ID).- Unique wallet addresses (prefixes of g).- A Proof of Stake consensus system which is secure and energy efficient.## Bitcoin Btc FEATURES
- Total distribution: 21 million- All holders of Bitcoin will receive an equal proportion AirDrop of BTC tokens.- The remaining tokens will be distributed to BTC token holders and networks through POS mechanisms.- The Bitcoin BTC foundation prohibites the issuance of additional tokens.- Daily output will be distributed to community users.## Bitcoin Btc PurposeEnding the current Bitcoin forking chaos, restoring decentralized blockchain like Bitcoin and addressing the inherent congestion in Bitcoin. Enpowering a better blockchain community and allowing for continued development of blockchain technology## Specifications
Name: Bitcoin BtcTicker: BTCBlock Reward: 0.19 BTCDifficulty Re-target: Every blockP2P Port: 8885RPC Port: 8886Total coin supply: 21 million## LicenseBitCoin Btc is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for moreinformation or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT. ## Development ProcessThe `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to becompletely stable. Tags are createdregularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Bitcoin Btc.## Installation### Binary downloadsOfficial binaries for windows version of Bitcoin Btc can be found on the [release page](https://github.com/BitcoinBtc/BitcoinBtc/releases/download/v0.1.3.0/bitcoinbtc-v0.1.3.0-binary-win64.zip) ### Compiling from sourceSee the [official docs](https://github.com/BitcoinBtc/BitcoinBtc/blob/master/INSTALL.md) for compilation instructions for every supported platform.## Quick start### windows start the daemon like this:```bitcoinbtcd.exe -datadir={F:\btccoin\datadir} -rpcuser={username} -rpcpassword={passwd}```communicate with your daemon like this```bitcoinbtc-cli.exe -rpcuser={username} -rpcpassword={passwd} help ```### linuxstart the daemon like this:```bitcoinbtcd -datadir={/bitcoin/datadir} -rpcuser={username} -rpcpassword={passwd} -daemon ```communicate with your daemon like this:```bitcoinbtc-cli -rpcuser={username} -rpcpassword={passwd} help ``` If you're connected to the Internet, bitcoinbtcd will begin downloading and verifyingthe blockchain. This can take from several hours to several days depending on the speed of your computer and Internet connection